README.md, before:

# Xema
[![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/xema.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/xema)
![CI](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/xema/workflows/CI/badge.svg)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hrzndhrn/xema/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/hrzndhrn/xema?branch=master)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Xema is a schema validator inspired by [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org).
For now, Xema supports the features documented in draft 04, 06, and 07 of the
JSON-Schema specification.

Xema allows you to annotate and validate elixir data structures.

If you search for a real JSON Schema validator give
[JsonXema](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/json_xema) a try.

Xema is in beta. If you try it and has an issue, report them.

## Installation

First, add Xema to your `mix.exs` dependencies:

```elixir
def deps do
  [{:xema, "~> 0.13"}]
end
```

Then, update your dependencies:

```Shell
$ mix deps.get
```

## Docs

The docs contains a [Usage](https://hexdocs.pm/xema/usage.html) page with a
short and compact description to use `Xema`.

Documentation can be generated with
[ExDoc](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc) by running `mix docs`. The
generated docs can be found at
[https://hexdocs.pm/xema](https://hexdocs.pm/xema).

## Tests

The test in the directory `xema/test/json_schema_test_suite` are generated from the
[JSON-Schema-Test-Suite](https://github.com/json-schema-org/JSON-Schema-Test-Suite).

The test suite can be generated with `mix gen.test_suite`. The mix task expected
the suite in the root directory in the folder `JSON-Schema-Test-Suite`.

## References

The home of JSON Schema: http://json-schema.org/

Specification:

* Draft-04
  * [JSON Schema core](http://json-schema.org/draft-04/json-schema-core.html)
defines the basic foundation of JSON Schema
  * [JSON Schema Validation](http://json-schema.org/draft-04/json-schema-validation.html)
defines the validation keywords of JSON Schema
* Draft-06
  * [JSON Schema core](http://json-schema.org/draft-06/json-schema-core.html)
  * [JSON Schema Validation](http://json-schema.org/draft-06/json-schema-validation.html)
  * [JSON Schema Release Notes](http://json-schema.org/draft-06/json-schema-release-notes.html)
contains informations to migrate schemas.
* Draft-07
  * [JSON Schema core](http://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-core.html)
  * [JSON Schema Validation](http://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-validation.html)
  * [JSON Schema Release Notes](http://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-release-notes.html)


[Understanding JSON Schema](https://spacetelescope.github.io/understanding-json-schema/index.html)
a great tutorial for JSON Schema authors and a template for the description of
Xema.

Commit message:

Misc doc changes
Besides other documentation changes, this commit ensures the generated
HTML doc for HexDocs.pm will become the source of truth for this Elixir
library and leverage on latest features of ExDoc.

README.md, after:

# Xema

[![CI](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/xema/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/xema/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hrzndhrn/xema/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/hrzndhrn/xema?branch=master)
[![Module Version](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/xema.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/xema)
[![Hex Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/hex-docs-lightgreen.svg)](https://hexdocs.pm/xema/)
[![Total Download](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/xema.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/xema)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/xema.svg)](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/xema/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/hrzndhrn/xema.svg)](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/xema/commits/master)

Xema is a schema validator inspired by [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org).
For now, Xema supports the features documented in draft 04, 06, and 07 of the
JSON-Schema specification.

Xema allows you to annotate and validate Elixir data structures.

If you search for a real JSON Schema validator give
[JsonXema](https://github.com/hrzndhrn/json_xema) a try.

Xema is in beta. If you try it and has an issue, report them.

## Installation

First, add `:xema` to your `mix.exs` dependencies:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:xema, "~> 0.13"}
  ]
end
```

Then, update your dependencies:

```shell
$ mix deps.get
```

## Docs

The docs contains a [Usage](https://hexdocs.pm/xema/usage.html) page with a
short and compact description to use `Xema`.

Documentation can be generated with
[ExDoc](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc) by running `mix docs`. The
generated docs can be found at
[https://hexdocs.pm/xema](https://hexdocs.pm/xema).

## Tests

The test in the directory `xema/test/json_schema_test_suite` are generated from the
[JSON-Schema-Test-Suite](https://github.com/json-schema-org/JSON-Schema-Test-Suite).

The test suite can be generated with `mix gen.test_suite`. The mix task expected
the suite in the root directory in the folder `JSON-Schema-Test-Suite`.

## References

The home of JSON Schema: http://json-schema.org/

Specification:

* Draft-04
  * [JSON Schema core](http://json-schema.org/draft-04/json-schema-core.html)
defines the basic foundation of JSON Schema
  * [JSON Schema Validation](http://json-schema.org/draft-04/json-schema-validation.html)
defines the validation keywords of JSON Schema
* Draft-06
  * [JSON Schema core](http://json-schema.org/draft-06/json-schema-core.html)
  * [JSON Schema Validation](http://json-schema.org/draft-06/json-schema-validation.html)
  * [JSON Schema Release Notes](http://json-schema.org/draft-06/json-schema-release-notes.html)
contains informations to migrate schemas.
* Draft-07
  * [JSON Schema core](http://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-core.html)
  * [JSON Schema Validation](http://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-validation.html)
  * [JSON Schema Release Notes](http://json-schema.org/draft-07/json-schema-release-notes.html)


[Understanding JSON Schema](https://spacetelescope.github.io/understanding-json-schema/index.html)
a great tutorial for JSON Schema authors and a template for the description of
Xema.

## Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2017 Herz und Hirn

This library licensed under the [MIT license](./LICENSE.md).
